# Solving Partial Differential Equations using Deep Learning Techniques
In this project I have proposed a simple Artificial Neural Network (ANN) framework which is used to solve IVP and BVP problems for PDEs. Since, there are many hefty models available for solving such problems, this project is created with the intention of creating a computationally minimalistic framework which can solve any PDEs provided their constraints and the form of solution is known. A labelled master dataset is constructed on the domain using evenly spaced vectors, from which, samples were randomly selected to create the training set, while fixing the size of each training set. The ANN sequential model created using Tensorflow [1] and Keras [2] employs the cost function, the optimization procedure and the architecture posterior to meticulous experimenting with various hyperparameters. The model is trained for a set number of epochs and for a particular sample size with a view to analyse and demonstrate their impact on the result and to further enhance the model. The result is displayed via comparative plots to view the learning capabilities of the model. The time taken by a framework for learning and the mean error in each model is also tabulated for analysis of each combination of number of epochs and size of training set. The review of publications for the project is presented with discussions on improvements and other techniques by researchers in these fields and further improvements and implementation of new methods on this project are promised.
> for feedback, kindly contact: nayan.das@s.amity.edu, nayanrdas02@gmail.com
